README.md, before:

# D-lee-te Website

## About
[D-lee-te](http://a.com) is my personal page written in React, built with ViteJS, and deployed w/ Vercel, and my personal page for the time being.

This site serves two purposes:
- A way to conviniently send anyone to my pages without linking each individually.
- Practice with building react components and deploying them



## Changelog
### 9/9 Rebuild
The idea of rebuilding my website really sat on my mind, and I have a couple ideas for how I want to build it...better? First things first, we'll return to status quo and just refactor the website with a fresh project.
That means:
- We bootstrapped our project with NextJS
- We grabbed the following packages:
  - [tsparticles](https://particles.js.org/)
  - [@tsparticles/engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tsparticles/engine)
  - [@tsparticles/react](https://github.com/tsparticles/react)
  - [nextjs-simple-typewriter](https://github.com/SoloReverse/nextjs-simple-typewriter)
Also, we're using tailwindcss now.

I also made a little to-do list for myself, but we'll hammer out the todos over the following week without spoiling anything!
### 9/5 Deployment
I wanted to learn how to deploy a website to a custom domain, so I learned how to deploy w/ Vercel...and it wasn't too bad to use! Very happy with the switch.
### 8/26 Resume Update
I updated my resume ever so slightly, and now that I look at the site, I realize that I have a ton of stuff I want to add to this site...

But if I want to do that, I'm probably going to just rebuild the project, so I can build some of these components differently and use tailwindcss.

We put that off until some time in the future when my head isn't already full of other things I want to build xp
### 7/19 v1.1
After many failed attempts, I finally managed to create a custom workflow and deploy the the website on gitpages.

This project probably took me just over a day in overall time from the moment I decided to build this website to first successful deployment.

In that time, I spent the majority of it remembering HTML and CSS syntax, learning about react components, and learning javascript. It likely took me about 18 hours to build the actual site, as what I wanted the site to be and look like changed as I created a number of components and deleted a few more.

The final site looks really basic, and that's how I intend for it to stay for the most part. That said, while I can't seem to put my finger on it quite yet, I feel like I'd like to add something more in place of the button (or add more functionality to it since all it does is hide the biotext and spin).

Overall, given that this was my second website and first attempt with react, I'm content with how it turned out. That said, my code is absolutely a mess, and when I decide to revisit this website, I'll probably refactor my code. More often than not, I'll end up updating my resume a few more times over the next couple of weeks over working on this site though.

On a final note, I wanted to express that for as many mistakes as I made and how messy the code turned out, I really did enjoy building it (so much so that I ruined my sleep schedule over it)! Even if I don't actively work on this website, I have plans to build another for a personal project in the near future.

Commit message:

Revisit megit add .git add .

README.md, after:

# D-lee-te Website

## About
[D-lee-te](http://a.com) is my personal page written in React, built with ViteJS, and deployed w/ Vercel, and my personal page for the time being.

This site serves two purposes:
- A way to conviniently send anyone to my pages without linking each individually.
- Practice with building react components and deploying them



## Changelog
### 9/11 Rebuild
I updated my resume yesterday, and I'm pushing the troubled branch, so I can revisit it later. I literally have no clue why it isn't building correctly, and I'd like to know why...but we'll just keep moving forward for now. I have my suspicions, but I want to get this done soon.
### 9/9 Rebuild
The idea of rebuilding my website really sat on my mind, and I have a couple ideas for how I want to build it...better? First things first, we'll return to status quo and just refactor the website with a fresh project.
That means:
- We bootstrapped our project with NextJS
- We grabbed the following packages:
  - [tsparticles](https://particles.js.org/)
  - [@tsparticles/engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tsparticles/engine)
  - [@tsparticles/react](https://github.com/tsparticles/react)
  - [nextjs-simple-typewriter](https://github.com/SoloReverse/nextjs-simple-typewriter)
Also, we're using tailwindcss now.

I also made a little to-do list for myself, but we'll hammer out the todos over the following week without spoiling anything!
### 9/5 Deployment
I wanted to learn how to deploy a website to a custom domain, so I learned how to deploy w/ Vercel...and it wasn't too bad to use! Very happy with the switch.
### 8/26 Resume Update
I updated my resume ever so slightly, and now that I look at the site, I realize that I have a ton of stuff I want to add to this site...

But if I want to do that, I'm probably going to just rebuild the project, so I can build some of these components differently and use tailwindcss.

We put that off until some time in the future when my head isn't already full of other things I want to build xp
### 7/19 v1.1
After many failed attempts, I finally managed to create a custom workflow and deploy the the website on gitpages.

This project probably took me just over a day in overall time from the moment I decided to build this website to first successful deployment.

In that time, I spent the majority of it remembering HTML and CSS syntax, learning about react components, and learning javascript. It likely took me about 18 hours to build the actual site, as what I wanted the site to be and look like changed as I created a number of components and deleted a few more.

The final site looks really basic, and that's how I intend for it to stay for the most part. That said, while I can't seem to put my finger on it quite yet, I feel like I'd like to add something more in place of the button (or add more functionality to it since all it does is hide the biotext and spin).

Overall, given that this was my second website and first attempt with react, I'm content with how it turned out. That said, my code is absolutely a mess, and when I decide to revisit this website, I'll probably refactor my code. More often than not, I'll end up updating my resume a few more times over the next couple of weeks over working on this site though.

On a final note, I wanted to express that for as many mistakes as I made and how messy the code turned out, I really did enjoy building it (so much so that I ruined my sleep schedule over it)! Even if I don't actively work on this website, I have plans to build another for a personal project in the near future.
